Expand the RTC section of the NTP guide (#1418)
pi-hole/docs: docs/guides/misc/ntp.md

Reviewer: The TOC section is broken due to two first-level headings. I wonder why no linter picked this up
```suggestion
## Configuring Pi-hole's NTP client and server
```

## Real time clock (RTC) synchronisation

Many computers keep time while powered off using a small, battery-backed hardware clock called the *real time clock* (RTC). The operating system reads it at boot to know the current time before it has had a chance to reach the network. If that clock drifts, or was never set, the system can start up with the wrong time - and being off by even a few minutes is enough to break TLS certificate validation or DNSSEC until the first successful NTP synchronisation.

> Pi-hole can keep the hardware clock correct for you. When this is enabled, after each successful synchronisation Pi-hole checks the hardware clock against the accurate time it just obtained and, if the two differ, corrects it. There is no needless writing when the clock is already right. The RTC therefore stays close to the real time, and your system comes up with a good time immediately after a reboot, even before it has reached an NTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pi-hole can keep the hardware clock in sync for you. When this is enabled, after each successful synchronisation Pi-hole checks the hardware clock against the accurate time it just obtained from NTP and, if the two differ, corrects it. There is no needless writing when the clock is already right. The RTC therefore stays close to the real time, and your system comes up with a good time immediately after a reboot, even before it has reached an NTP server.
```

> This is disabled by default and enabled with `ntp.sync.rtc.set`.

Reviewer: This and the next section duplication the the "off by default" fact. Maybe the two sections can be combined.

Side note: I wonder if the default should be enabling this feature - if there is no RTC it won't harm. If there is one, users benefit automatically from it.
